Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.;Mark Twain;age
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young.;Henry Ford;age
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.;Mark Twain;age
True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country.;Kurt Vonnegut;age
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.;Robert Frost;age
As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do.;Andrew Carnegie;age
How incessant and great are the ills with which a prolonged old age is replete.;C. S. Lewis;age
Old age, believe me, is a good and pleasant thing. It is true you are gently shouldered off the stage, but then you are given such a comfortable front stall as spectator.;Confucius;age
Old age has deformities enough of its own. It should never add to them the deformity of vice.;Eleanor Roosevelt;age
Nobody grows old merely by living a number of years. We grow old by deserting our ideals. Years may wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul.;Samuel Ullman;age
An archaeologist is the best husband a woman can have. The older she gets the more interested he is in her.;Agatha Christie;age
All diseases run into one, old age.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;age
Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age.;Aristotle;age
Like everyone else who makes the mistake of getting older, I begin each day with coffee and obituaries.;Bill Cosby;age
Age appears to be best in four things old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read.;Francis Bacon;age
None are so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm.;Henry David Thoreau;age
Every man over forty is a scoundrel.;George Bernard Shaw;age
Forty is the old age of youth fifty the youth of old age.;Victor Hugo;age
You can't help getting older, but you don't have to get old.;George Burns;age
Alas, after a certain age every man is responsible for his face.;Albert Camus;age
Youth is when you're allowed to stay up late on New Year's Eve. Middle age is when you're forced to.;Bill Vaughan;age
Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you've got to start young.;Theodore Roosevelt;age
A comfortable old age is the reward of a well-spent youth. Instead of its bringing sad and melancholy prospects of decay, it would give us hopes of eternal youth in a better world.;Maurice Chevalier;age
A man growing old becomes a child again.;Sophocles;age
I will never be an old man. To me, old age is always 15 years older than I am.;Francis Bacon;age
Age considers youth ventures.;Rabindranath Tagore;age
What most persons consider as virtue, after the age of 40 is simply a loss of energy.;Voltaire;age
Age is a very high price to pay for maturity.;Tom Stoppard;age
Old age is no place for sissies.;Bette Davis;age
I don't feel old. I don't feel anything till noon. That's when it's time for my nap.;Bob Hope;age
As I approve of a youth that has something of the old man in him, so I am no less pleased with an old man that has something of the youth. He that follows this rule may be old in body, but can never be so in mind.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;age
I don't believe one grows older. I think that what happens early on in life is that at a certain age one stands still and stagnates.;T. S. Eliot;age
Advice in old age is foolish for what can be more absurd than to increase our provisions for the road the nearer we approach to our journey's end.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;age
When grace is joined with wrinkles, it is adorable. There is an unspeakable dawn in happy old age.;Victor Hugo;age
It takes a long time to become young.;Pablo Picasso;age
After thirty, a body has a mind of its own.;Bette Midler;age
There is a fountain of youth: it is your mind, your talents, the creativity you bring to your life and the lives of people you love. When you learn to tap this source, you will truly have defeated age.;Sophia Loren;age
Age is not a particularly interesting subject. Anyone can get old. All you have to do is live long enough.;Don Marquis;age
Old minds are like old horses you must exercise them if you wish to keep them in working order.;John Adams;age
Forty is the old age of youth, fifty is the youth of old age.;Hosea Ballou;age
Youth is the gift of nature, but age is a work of art.;Stanislaw Lec;age
Preparation for old age should begin not later than one's teens. A life which is empty of purpose until 65 will not suddenly become filled on retirement.;Dwight L. Moody;age
There is always some specific moment when we become aware that our youth is gone but, years after, we know it was much later.;Mignon McLaughlin;age
Growing old is no more than a bad habit which a busy person has no time to form.;Andre Maurois;age
As long as any adult thinks that he, like the parents and teachers of old, can become introspective, invoking his own youth to understand the youth before him, he is lost.;Margaret Mead;age